They were born to run.
They inherit the names of
horses from another world,
whose histories were sometimes
tragic and sometimes wonderful,
and with that, they run.
That is their fate.
No one knows how these
horse girls' future races will end.
They will continue to run,
aiming only toward the
goal in front of them.
Fuchu, Tokyo
Mom, I'm in the big city!
So many windows…
So many lights!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Are you going to Tracen Academy?
That's right!
I'm starting tomorrow.
That's impressive.
It is?
That girl there is one of
the chosen horse girls.
She's very fast.
Wow!
Well, I'm not sure how fast I am, but…
Now approaching East Fuchu. East Fuchu.
Excuse me.
What's your name?
My name is Special Week!
Special Week
Her ears were so cute!
The doors are closing. Please be careful.
I'm here.
This is where my dreams will come true!
The gate to my dreams will open…
The gate closed…
Miss, touch.
Touch?
Wh… Wh-Wh-Where am I getting touched?
My mom told me to watch out
for all the perverts in the city!
No, you're supposed to touch
your IC card right there.
Touch your
IC card here
Oh, I see.
That's embarrassing.
Not with a ticket!
Thank you very much.
It's fine.
Goodbye!
Tracen's the next station over.
The next one? Huh?
Did you make a mistake?
It's fine. I'll run there.
Are you a new student here?
Yes.
How about taking a look at the race track?
It's the start of the series.
Please be at Tracen Academy
by 6:00 PM tomorrow.
You can't be late.
I'm saying this again. You can't
be late under any circumstances.
Understood!
I want to see it!
It's right here.
Thank you.
See you later!
It's kind of far.
I'll be fine!
I love running!
The Twinkle Series…
I finally get to see the
real thing in person!
Race 1
Gate of Dreams!
That's amazing!
There are so many people!
It's totally different from my hometown!
Twinkle Series
Raffle
Horse Girl Merchandise
Takoyaki
Frankfurters
Taiyaki
Tokyo
Turf
Dirt
The next horse stepping up to the
paddock for the 11th Tokyo Race is…
Bracket #8, Horse #12…
Silence Suzuka!
Silence Suzuka
She's so pretty…
She was voted most popular among the fans.
She's the most popular.
Hmm…
Those are some nice hind legs…
A perfect horse girl.
Wh… Wh-Wh-What are you doing?!
Huh?
U-Um…
Are you okay?
Are you still alive?
Um…
Don't worry about it.
I'm used to it.
Used to it?!
Where are you from?
Where were you born?
How old are you?
What's your weight?
Y-You're so rude.
My mom was right!
The city is full of perverts!
Perverts?
You lie to girls, saying you'll
get them a debut, right?
I'm not interested.
Bye!
Welcome to the Twinkle Series!
These races can be enjoyed by all citizens!
It's a great sport for entertainment.
Which horse girl will become number one?
I, Akasaka, will be your host today.
Analysis will be done by Hosoe-san.
Welcome today, Hosoe-san.
Thank you.
Everyone has their eyes on Silence Suzuka.
We'll have to see just how she runs today.
It's time for today's main race.
I wonder where the number one girl is…
Looks like it's your first
time seeing a real race.
You're that guy from before…
It's my first time.
Is there something wrong with that?
You left your hometown
to make your racing debut.
Does that about sum it up?
I promised my mom back home that I'd
become the best horse girl in Japan.
So don't get in my way.
Best in Japan, huh?
That's right.
So, what does it mean to be the
best horse girl in Japan?
W-Well…
They've all jumped beautifully off the line.
Silence Suzuka has quickly taken the lead.
She's fast.
Her legwork is wonderful.
It's perfect.
The advice worked.
She's passed the 1,000 meter
mark at 57.8 seconds.
She's taken quite a lead.
Is this just how she normally runs?
Or is she going too fast?
She's all alone!
You can't always win by taking a large lead.
I told her to conserve her strength
for the first half of the race.
What is she trying to do?
She's ignoring her trainer's instructions.
She's taking the fourth turn.
Will she be able to keep up her speed
and her lead until the finish line?
They're coming up right behind her.
We can do it!
We can get her!
No, we can't!
Silence Suzuka has won!
She kept her lead!
Silence Suzuka-san…
I didn't know there was someone so amazing!
There aren't many horse girls that can
excite the crowd and make people dream.
However, with these legs…
I knew you were a pervert!
Bye!
Hold on.
You still have more to say?
You're not going to watch?
She's about to stand on the stage—
a privilege only for the winner.
The Winning Concert!
The place for you to share your
happiness with the diligent
horse girls that have seized victory:
the Winning Concert!
All you fans, please give her your cheers!
Silence Suzuka will be
center stage today!
Set out on your run and the scenery
changes through the colors of the rainbow
Giving light to the hope of dashing
towards the future we'd pictured
Suzuka-san is so pretty in the spotlight.
Mom, I will never forget
what's happened today!
But I feel like I've forgotten
about something…
I forgot about my curfew!
Excuse me!
It's Special Week!
I'm late!
Excuse me!
It's Special Week!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
I'm not some suspicious horse girl!
I am the chairman's secretary
here at Tracen Academy.
My name is Hayakawa Tazuna.
HayakawaTazuna
I'll show you to your classroom.
Thank you.
I was late yesterday…
Fuji Kiseki
You broke your curfew on the first day, huh?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry…
The nap room is open, so
you can sleep there today.
Got it, Pony-chan?
Pony-chan?
I need to make a perfect introduction
to help me become the best in Japan.
Watch this, Mom.
My name is Special Week.
I'll be going to school with you—
I was too nervous! Mom!
Are you okay?
Are you a transfer student?
Y-Yeah…
Thank you.
My name is Haru Urara.
Haru Urara
This is Seiun Sky.
Seiun Sky
Thanks.
N-Nice to meet—
Hi!
This is El Condor Pasa and Grass Wonder!
I was born and raised in the US!
Grass Wonder
El Condor Pasa
Nice to meet you.
Where did you come from?
F-From Hokkaido.
So you're a country bumpkin.
Hey, Spe-chan.
Nice to meet you, Spe-chan!
Yeah!
Talk to me more later!
She's not in our class?!
Onto the next problem.
Class C
Class A with Vodka-san,
Class B with Urara, and your class…
Do you know what you're all called?
You answer, El Condor Pasa!
The Junior Class!
That's correct.
G-I
G-II
G-III
Open Special
Ranked Class / Junior Class
First Debut • Unranked
You will start with Debut
and Unranked matches,
Open Class
go up in rank, and try to get wins
in G-III, G-II, and G-I races.
Dream Series
This Senior Open Class can be challenged
by those in the top junior class, Class C.
G-I
G-II
G-III
Open Class
Dream Series
This will be on the test.
So you've been by yourself in the
countryside this whole time.
You must have been through a lot.
No, my mom and the people in the
neighborhood… and Moosuke, too…
Everyone's been so nice.
I haven't had any problems!
Someone say something…
Why did you transfer in during
this time of the year?
Well, I've always seen the Twinkle Series
come up in newspaper
articles since I was small.
My mom put in an application.
What a nice mother.
Special Week
Transfer Request Form
What team do you want to join?
Team?
You train with a trainer as a team.
I see…
I want to be on the same team as
Silence Suzuka and run with her!
Oguri Cap
With Suzuka-san?
You know Suzuka-san?
Yes, I saw her at the racetrack yesterday…
That's great timing.
There's a entry test for
the team I'm on today.
Run like the Wind
Team Altair
You're on the same team as Suzuka-san, right?
Yes.
Team Mimoza
For Victory!
I'm thinking of trying out, too!
Team Rigil is the strongest in the school!
I…
I want to take that test, too!
I'm sorry!
Don't get too worked up.
That makes us rivals.
Huh?
Well, only one of us can be accepted!
I-I see.
Oh, it's Spe-chan!
Hmm?
Spe-chan, you have too much rice!
Good job, Urara!
I decided to take the test, too.
I-I see.
I have the feeling I'm getting in today.
Don't get mad at me if I get in.
R-Right.
Urara-san looks fast.
Please write your name here to register.
Special Week
Fuji Kiseki
Maruzensky
Taiki Shuttle
T. M. Opera O
Air Groove
Narita Brian
Hishi Amazon
Symboli Rudolf
Spe-chan, time to go!
Right.
I wonder if Suzuka-san isn't here.
Next.
I want to win in an Open match.
I want to be a successful Rigil member!
Next.
Next, Special Week.
Y-Yes!
Do you have a goal?
W-Well…
I want to be the top horse girl in Japan!
My mom told me to become the
best horse girl in Japan,
so that's why I decided to come here!
The gates aren't as roomy as I expected.
Are you ready?!
Here I go!
I have to run!
Everyone's so fast!
So we want El Condor Pasa, huh?
You're her classmate, right?
What do you think of her?
She's in a good position.
That transfer student…
Doesn't look like she's
going to be that great.
It's hard to run on the track…
It's Suzuka-san!
- Can't keep up!
Stay away!
What do you want me to do?!
Why do I have to do this…
I can do this!
Goal
I did it, Mom!
I'm going to work you hard.
Thank you!
Huh? I wasn't first?
Suzuka-san…
I'm tired!
I'm so tired!
Suzuka-san…
Are you serious?
That was close today!
Yeah.
Don't give up! Let's keep working at it!
See you later.
Bye.
I wanted to join Suzuka-san's team.
Team Spica
Join our team
Spica?
Huh?
Scarlet, Vodka…
Do it!
You know, there's no point in disguising
yourselves if you're going to say your names.
Heave ho, heave ho, heave ho…
Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What's going on?!
Mom said there were a lot
of dangers in the city!
I should have eaten more carrots!
Mom!
We brought her!
This is the right girl, right?
Yeah.
Wh-Where am I?
Hey.
It's the pervert!
Pervert?!
No, no, no!
You misunderstand.
Call me Trainer.
T-Trainer-san…
What?!
Everyone, introduce yourselves.
Daiwa Scarlet
Gold Ship
Vodka
Welcome to Team Spica!
Spica
Spica?
You mean that weird sign that was up?!
You'll be on this team starting today.
Don't just decide that on your own!
Oh, but I will.
I'm going to polish you up.
What?!
Even though she was second?
Yeah.
Her last three furlongs were
33.8 seconds. That's great.
She gained her breath back pretty
fast after she was done, too.
Suzuka-san?!
Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Why are you here?!
Suzuka transferred here
from Rigil today, right?
Yes, that's right.
Why?!
That team doesn't understand
how Suzuka-san runs.
You said it was your goal to become
the best horse-girl in Japan, right?
I did, but…
What does it mean to be the
best horse girl in Japan?
Well…
To win in G-I, of course.
The derby for me.
The Arima Kinen.
What do you think, Suzuka?
Dreams.
Dreams?
I want to be a horse girl
that can make people dream.
You promised your mom that
you'd become the best in Japan.
I'll help you make your idea
of "best in Japan" into reality.
You're not laughing, Trainer-san.
Huh?
I said I wanted to be the best, and you…
I want to do my best on this team.
All right!
And…
I want to run with Suzuka-san!
Yeah! We got a member!
Now we've got enough people.
We're starting on the
Twinkle Series next week!
Yeah!
So what's your name?
Special Week.
Nice to meet you!
Special Week, huh?
I'll register you.
Work hard next week.
Next week?
Trainer-san, are you thinking of…
Next week, we'll have your debut match!
What?
I'll crush you!
What?!
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe